---
layout: posts
title: "Call for papers is now open for hack.lu 2023"
modified:
categories: blog
excerpt:
tags: []
image:
  feature:
date: 2023-04-17T15:39:55-04:00
header:
  overlay_image: /images/blocks.png
  overlay_filter: 0.4 # same as adding an opacity of 0.5 to a black background
---

# Introduction

Hack.lu is an annual conference held in Luxembourg, focused on topics related to computer security, cryptography, privacy, and hacking. Since its inception in 2005, Hack.lu has been bringing together experts from all around the world to discuss the latest trends, techniques, and challenges in the field of cybersecurity.

This year, the two conferences will take place from October 16th to 19th at the Parc Hotel Alvisse in Luxembourg. Hack.lu 2023, from October 18th to 19th, will feature a diverse range of talks and workshops, covering topics such as cybercrime, malware analysis, network security, reverse engineering, and more. You'll also have the opportunity to network with like-minded professionals, connect with industry leaders, and learn about the latest security tools and technologies.

In addition to Hack.lu, we are also proud to present the CTI-Summit, a sister event focused on Cyber Threat Intelligence. The CTI-Summit will take place from October 16th to 17th, the days before Hack.lu, and will provide a platform for experts to discuss the latest trends and developments in the world of threat intelligence.

We will also have a wide range of trainings and workshops during the four conference days.

At the CTI-Summit, you'll have the opportunity to learn about the latest techniques and strategies for collecting, analyzing, and sharing threat intelligence. You'll hear from leading experts in the field, participate in hands-on workshops, and network with peers from around the world.

We invite you to join us at both Hack.lu and the CTI-Summit and be a part of this unique opportunity to learn from the best and brightest in the cybersecurity industry. Whether you're a seasoned professional or just starting out, Hack.lu and the CTI-Summit offer something for everyone. Register today and secure your spot at the premier cybersecurity event of the year!

# cti-summit

## Call for papers and/or talks
Cyber and Threat Intelligence Summit 2022 (CTIS) is a 2-day summit gathering all the experts, analysts, users and contributors to cyber and threat intelligence at large. CTIS includes the original MISP summit along with all other practices around threat intelligence. A strong focus will be given on projects bridging intelligence communities together and also open source related project. The conference will be a main track of talks composed of one day for intelligence (models, processes, methodologies, defensive and sharing practices…) and one day for tooling (threat intelligence platform such as MISP, interconnecting tools and processes, producing actionable intelligence… ).

## Date and location
The CTIS conference takes physically place in Luxembourg (October 16 - 17 2023) at the 
Parc Hotel Alvisse, 120 Route d’Echternach, L-1453 Luxembourg
(Long : 49.6399337, Lat : 6.1517228)

The format of the talks during CTIS are composed of 20-minutes maximum with a 10-minutes Q&A session. The goal is foster collaboration and live discussions. The sessions will be video recorded except if the presenter doesn't accept.
Complementary papers, article and presentation are highly encouraged for participants who are willing to have more insight about the presentation given.

## Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:

* Open source tooling used in threat intelligence including new tools or development of existing tools 
* Threat intelligence processes
* Successes and failures in creating threat intelligence processes
* Use of open source tools (such as MISP) into SOC, CSIRT or any security organisation or intelligence community to support threat intelligence processes
* Interoperability between threat intelligence tools (open source and proprietary)
* Improving and evaluating quality of threat intelligence at large
* Share lessons learnt in the intelligence domains including analysis processes, analytical methods and/or techniques
* Lessons and challenges while performing intelligence analysis
* Successes and failures in data modelling for intelligence
* Share experiences in information and intelligence sharing including building communities, tooling, social interactions
* Improving skills in intelligence domain such as threat analysis, collection and dissemination
* Integrating OSINT, HUMINT, *INT into threat intelligence processes
The above list of topics is not exhaustive and other related topics are welcomed.

## hack.lu
The purpose of the hack.lu convention is to give an open and free playground where people can discuss the implication of new technologies in society. hack.lu is a balanced mix convention where technical and non-technical people can meet each others and share freely all kind of information. The convention will be held in the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg in October (18-19.10.2023). The most significant new discoveries about computer network attacks and defences, open-source security solutions, and pragmatic real world security experience will be presented in a three days series of informative tutorials.

We would like to invite you to to submit papers, lightning talk, and workshops proposals for selection by the hack.lu technical review committee.

### Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:
* Software Engineering and Security
* Social Engineering
* Honeypots/Honeynets
* Spyware, Phishing and Botnets (Distributed attacks)
* Newly discovered vulnerabilities in software and hardware
* Electronic/Digital Privacy
* Wireless Network and Security
* Attacks on Information Systems and/or Digital Information Storage
* Electronic Voting
* Free Software and Security
* Assessment of Computer, Electronic Devices and Information Systems
* Standards for Information Security
* Legal and Social Aspect of Information Security
* Software Engineering and Security
* Security in Information Retrieval
* Network Security
* Malware Analysis and Reversing
* Forensics and Anti-Forensics
* Offensive (and counter-offensive) Information Technology
* Mobile Communications Security and Vulnerabilities
* CSIRTs, Incident Analysis and Response
* Information Security and Data Mining
* Threats Exchange and Sharing

# General
## Speakers’ Privileges
* For the selected talks/presentations/papers, authors will get a free access to the conference.
* One speaker per talk/workshop
* Accommodation will be provided (up to 4 nights during the conference)
* Lunch, beverages, and more during the all days of the conference 

## Language
The language of the conference is English.

## Publication and rights
Authors keep the full rights on their publication/papers but give an unrestricted right to redistribute their papers for the hack.lu convention and cti-summit and its related electronic/paper publication.

## Sponsoring

If  you  want  to  support  the  initiative  and  gain  visibility  by
sponsoring, please contact us by writing an e-mail to info(AT)hack.lu

For more information about [sponsoring options](/sponsoring).

## CfP Website Submission

[CfP hack.lu and CTI Summit 2023 submission website](https://pretalx.com/hack-lu-2023/)


