---
layout: posts
title: "hack.lu 2024 Wraps Up a Thrilling 18th Edition with Global Participation and Networking Highlights"
modified:
categories: blog
excerpt: "hack.lu 2024 Wraps Up a Thrilling 18th Edition with Global Participation and Networking Highlights"
tags: []
image:
  feature:
date: 2024-11-04T00:39:55-04:00
header:
  overlay_image: /images/hack-lu-cvd.jpeg
  overlay_filter: 0.4 # same as adding an opacity of 0.5 to a black background
---


Luxembourg, October 26, 2024 – hack.lu, Europe’s central hub for cybersecurity professionals, enthusiasts, and experts, celebrated its 18th successful edition from October 22-25 in Luxembourg, hosting a packed agenda of workshops, trainings, and talks. With over 500 participants from around the world and 75 expert speakers, this year’s conference once again proved to be an essential event in the cybersecurity calendar.

Over the course of four days, hack.lu attendees immersed themselves in topics at the forefront of security, intelligence, and privacy. They enjoyed a packed schedule balanced with ample opportunities to connect over coffee breaks, pastries, and thoughtfully prepared lunches. As a priority for hack.lu, exceptional catering played an essential role in keeping energy high and conversations flowing throughout the event. Attendees also actively participated by presenting 26 lightning talks, each allowing speakers to share their experiences in a concise 5-minute format.

Even before the conference, the renowned [hack.lu CTF](https://flu.xxx/) took place, with 608 teams participating in challenges organized and designed by [FluxFingers](https://flu.xxx/info), the CTF team from Ruhr University Bochum (Germany). During the conference, [hack.lu 2024 challenges](https://hacklu.firstseclounge.org/) were organized by the [FIRST SecLounge SIG volunteers](), offering participants various levels of challenges to play.

The conference organizers hosted a speaker’s dinner on the first evening to recognize and celebrate the event’s contributors. On the second day, participants mingled at an independently organized social event, which included fun activities such as PowerPoint karaoke. The third evening featured an invitation to the Cybersecurity Gala, held in collaboration with [Cybersecurity Week Luxembourg](https://cswl.lu/autumn).

Sascha Rommelfangen, co-organizer of hack.lu, reflects: *“We’ve received tremendous positive feedback for this year’s organization. It’s inspiring to see participants join us from across the globe, from Australia to China, Mauritius to the USA. hack.lu is all about fostering connections in a friendly and inclusive setting, and we’re already looking forward to making next year’s event even more memorable.”*

**The talks and videos given during the conference are now publicly available** on the [hack.lu website](https://2024.hack.lu/agenda/) and as a [YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sVlLjaTY1pc&list=PLwOU9wiTf8XRYD579lHCXFAdAnRDqcVQu). 

With strong support from [15 sponsors](https://2024.hack.lu/sponsoring/), hack.lu 2024 provided a vibrant atmosphere for collaboration and learning. Sponsors and participants alike appreciated the open setting that encouraged interaction and knowledge exchange on the latest cybersecurity challenges and innovations.

Alexandre Dulaunoy, co-founder and main organizer of hack.lu, sums it up: *“hack.lu has always been about creating a space where knowledge flows freely and innovation thrives. This year, we saw remarkable ideas emerge from discussions, workshops, and impromptu conversations over coffee or tea. The diversity of voices – from seasoned experts to emerging talents – made this edition incredibly dynamic. We’re honored to facilitate these connections that not only strengthen our community but also push the boundaries of cybersecurity collaboration on a global scale. We look forward to building and improving on this momentum for hack.lu 2025, continuing to shape a future where security and openness go hand in hand.”*

As hack.lu 2024 concludes, the organizers are already setting their sights on **hack.lu 2025, scheduled for October 21-24, 2025**, promising another year of inspiration, innovation, and community for the global cybersecurity landscape. We would also like to extend our heartfelt thanks to all our sponsors, supporters, volunteers, and participants who helped make hack.lu a remarkable conference.

